content/projects/this+website.md, before:

---
title: This Website
overview: Learn some more about the site you're looking at right now!
logo: /icons/projects/this-site.png
---

# This Website

> [https://github.com/t02smith/portfolio](https://github.com/t02smith/portfolio)

This repository shows the source code for the website you are looking at right now! This is currently being hosted by **GitHub Pages** for _free_.

TypeScript was an obvious choice as static typing was very sorely missed during my time spent on [Untitled Chore App](/projects?Untitled+Chore+App) and allows me to easily understand this code when I return after months of leaving this code abandoned. SCSS makes writing CSS more concise and the support for mixins and placeholders allow me to reduce the amount of styling I need to write ([CSS nesting does look pretty nice though 👀](https://developer.chrome.com/articles/css-nesting/)).

## 📖 Pages

This website uses [react-router-dom](https://reactrouter.com/en/main) to display different content for different endpoints. Namely:

- _[/](/)_ The home page
- _[/projects?project={}](/#/projects)_ Showing off some of my projects
- _[/about](/#/about)_ Some information about myself
- _[/blog](/#/blog)_ Some blogs written by myself **TODO**

## 🛠️ Tools

![React Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=000&style=for-the-badge)
![TypeScript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=fff&style=for-the-badge)
![Sass Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-C69?logo=sass&logoColor=fff&style=for-the-badge)
![Vite Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?logo=vite&logoColor=fff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub Pages Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Pages-222?logo=githubpages&logoColor=fff&style=for-the-badge)

Commit message:

Updates to project pages: - new tool icons instead of the awful shield icons - dedicated author section with links for each project - new GitHub link button - projects can have short titles now - updates to content of projects

content/projects/this+website.md, after:

---
title: My Little Corner of the Internet
shortTitle: This Website
overview: Learn some more about the site you're looking at right now!
logo: /icons/projects/this-site.png
link: https://github.com/t02smith/portfolio
authors: [{ name: "Tom Smith", link: "/", role: "Full-Stack Dev" }]
tools: ["nuxt", "vue", "sass", "typescript", "azure"]
---

This repository shows the source code for the website you are looking at right now! This is currently being hosted as an **Azure Web App**.

I chose [Nuxt v3](https://nuxt.com/) for this project for may reasons, including:

- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) is one of the nicest frameworks to work with
- [Nuxt Content](https://content.nuxtjs.org/) makes it really easy to add and update the content on this site
- Quality of life features such as no imports, `pages/` directory routing, SSR, ...
- TypeScript support

This page was initially created using React but I felt that Nuxt offered too many nice features and QoL changes. Moreover, the state management library [🍍 Pinia](https://pinia.vuejs.org/) is excellent and a million _million_ times better than Redux is.

## 📖 Pages

This website presently has the following pages:

- _[/](/)_ The home page with the neat animation ([_that was stolen from here_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJNVramny9k))
- _[/projects?project={}](/projects)_ The page you're on right now! This is a collection of interesting projects I've worked on that I feel proud enough about them to share with you.
- _[/about](/about)_ Some more information about myself that isn't entirely code related, including some photos of me and the people in my life.
- _[/blog](/blog)_ (**In Draft**) A page for me to post blogs to to share my wisdom or thoughts with the world through this dark and dingey corner of the internet.
